
Plus courses in statistics, art history, nutrition and more from the world's best universities and institutions.
 
English Grammar and Style ÿ UQx
 
Master the craft of writing. Through expert guidance and practice, you'll learn to create more coherent and compelling writing for business and school. English Grammar and Style will review essential grammatical structures and elements to build a strong foundation to improve your writing and editing skills. Start writing today.
Learn More
Inclusive Leadership Training ÿ CatalystX
 
Be a better leader. Develop the skills to become a successful 21st-century leader. Through case studies and expert guidance, you'll learn inclusive leadership techniques to overcome roadblocks and empower others. Build your own personal leadership plan and map out your pathway to becoming an empowering, inspirational and inclusive leader.
Learn More
Introduction to Java Programming, Part 1 ÿ HKUSTx
 
Build new programming skills. Discover how coding can solve real world problems in Introduction to Java Programming. Learn to write programs to produce three-dimensional images, analyze documents using character recognition, generate fractal images and more.
Learn More

More great courses starting soon.
 
Sabermetrics 101: Introduction to Baseball Analytics
BUx ÿ July 7, 2015
Learn More
 
Explore Statistics with R
KIx ÿ July 7, 2015 ÿ Self-Paced
Learn More
 
European Paintings: From Leonardo to Rembrandt to Goya
UC3Mx ÿ July 14, 2015
Learn More
 
Nutrition and Health Part 1
WageningenX ÿ Self-Paced
Learn More
 
Media LIT: Overcoming Information Overload
ASUx ÿ July 6, 2015
Learn More
 
Innovation and IT Management
IIMBx ÿ July 21, 2015
Learn More
 
Chinese Language: Learn Basic Mandarin
MandarinX ÿ July 6, 2015
Learn More
 
Introduction to Sociology
UTPermianBasinX ÿ July 30, 2015
Learn More
Explore More Courses
Featured Video
 
Explore the Solar System

Discover the planets around us and work toward college credit in Introduction to Solar Systems Astronomy from ASUx.
Start Exploring Today
 	Facebook
	Twitter
	LinkedIn
	Google Plus
	Tumblr
View this email in your browser

Copyright ? 2015 edX, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you have registered on edx.org.

Our mailing address is:
141 Portland St. 9th Floor, Cambridge, MA 02139 

unsubscribe from this list    update subscription preferences   forward to a friend

  
